Two CNN Heroes are among the earthquake survivors in Kathmandu , Nepal . Anuradha Koirala has a rehabilitation center that is home to 425 young women and girls . Pushpa Basnet and the 45 children she cares for are now living on the ground in a nearby field .
The money was collected from students at the University of Surrey . It was submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly . After the experiment , the cash was washed and returned to the students . Thousands of bacteria colonies were found living on the sample of money . Most of the bacteria found on the coins studied was harmless . But MRSA and food poisoning bacteria have been found on Money in previous studies .
Porto have made £ 440million from player sales in the last 11 years . The majority of these deals have involved South Americans . Danilo will join Real Madrid in a deal worth £ 23million in the summer . 19 of the 29 players featured in the table below have South American backgrounds such as now - Real Madrid superstar James Rodriguez .
Carrie Reichert , 43 , claims she shared a ' hot , Deep Kiss ' with Prince Harry . says she felt ' overdressed ' when she saw him playing strip billiards . says alcohol gave her confidence to approach the Prince before they shared a kiss . Kensington Palace has previously denied she was one of the women invited back to the Prince's VIP suite .
Eva Chapin , 34 , from West Linn , Oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post - it notes on the door of the family home . The qualified nurse referred to the residents , who are believed to have roots in Ghana , as ' n * * * * * ' one of the notes , seen by Katu , read : ' apes were never meant to drive so stop ' Chapin was arrested on Tuesday and charged with two counts of intimidation and harassment . She is due back in court on May 7 .
Justin Rose finished second at the Masters after Carding 14 - under - par total . Rose had missed the cut in three of his previous five tournaments on the PGA Tour . Rose wants to follow the lead of Rory McIlroy , who had a relentless winning streak in the summer of 2014 .
Zbigniew Huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine - year - old victim , identified by her first name of Chloe , Yesterday Afternoon in France ‘ while drunk ’ she was stripped naked and sexually assaulted and after being forced into Huminski ’s car and then driven to an isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants bound for the UK . Chloe's mother , named only as Isabelle , ‘ heard her daughter's screams ’ as she was being taken away from outside her school in Calais - but was unable to do anything . Huminski had been banned from French territory after being convicted twice for acts of ‘ Extreme Violence ’ including .
Mary Ann Diano was left homeless when the storms hit Staten Island , New York , in October 2012 . The 62 - year - old's home has lived in a trailer park in Connecticut every since the disaster where she met her partner Dennis Krauss . During the storms Ms Diano had been swept away by the waves and clung to a tree for safety . But in its aftermath she met the love of her life and won the lottery .
Cesc Fabregas took to Instagram to show off the shiner he picked up from Charlie Adam on Saturday . The Chelsea midfielder was left bloodied after being caught by a flailing arm following a tussle with Adam . Jose Mourinho's side extended their lead at the top of Barclays Premier League to seven points with a 2 - 1 win .
Maren Sanchez , 16 , was stabbed to death at Jonathan Law High School in Milford , Connecticut , on April 25 , 2014 . A classmate , Christopher Plaskon , has been charged with murder . On Saturday , hundreds of people gathered to remember Sanchez with a road race , Fried Food and live music . The event included a kickball tournament and bounce houses .
Audrey Alexander's Vegetable Patch Withered and died in the shade of hedge . She asked neighbour Jeanette Robinson to trim it but she refused . Mrs Alexander Claims Hedge knocked £ 20,000 off the value of her house . Stirling Council has ruled that Mrs Robinson can keep the hedge . But it has to be cut to 20 ft , a height which she claims will still block most of her sunlight .
Catherine Nevin was allowed out on day release on Wednesday afternoon . The 62 - year - old was permitted to attend an addiction studies course . She was jailed for life in April 2000 for arranging to have her publican husband Tom shot dead . She laughed and joked with a pal for more than an hour at the nearby Applegreen Garage before her course started .
Didier Drogba has been awarded with a Barclays Spirit of the game trophy . The Chelsea forward set up the ' Didierdrogba Foundation in Africa ' he hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in Africa to fall in love with the game . The 37 - year - old scored the equaliser against Leicester on Wednesday .
Figures from Catholic Church show number of women taking holy vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year . From a low of seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade . Theodora Hawksley , 29 , was until recently a post - doctoral researcher in theology at the University of Edinburgh . But at the beginning of the year she decided to become a nun .
Eduardo Vargas opened the scoring for Queens Park Rangers with a 25 - yard strike . Charlie Austin doubled QPR's lead with a header on the 35th minute . Bobby Zamora made it 3 - 0 with an astounding lob from a narrow angle . Victor Anichebe headed in a consolation goal for West Brom in the 58th minute after coming off the bench . Joey Barton added a fourth for QPR in the final minutes of the game against West Brom . Youssouff Mulumbu was shown a red card for clattering into Joey Barton shortly before he scored for his side .
Drew Miller was struck by Ottawa's Mark Stone's skate during the first period of Tuesday's game between the Red Wings and the Senators . Miller was left with a scar across his eye , but reportedly didn't suffer any damage to his eyesight . The team said he will likely return Thursday against Boston .
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season . The German has been linked with a move to the Premier League . Arsenal defender Per Mertesacker says Klopp would be a good fit in England . The 47 - year - old has won two Bundesliga titles and the Champions League .
Fan site Appleinsider has spotted nine job listings on Apple's official recruitment site in the past month . These include one for an IOS Battery Life Software Engineer and another for IOS Software Power Systems Engineer . Apple's larger iPhone 6 and 6 plus have been found to last about eight hours with heavy usage and up to 22 hours with normal usage . However , official figures suggest its watch in particular will struggle to last for anywhere near that long .
Andy Murray is set to marry fiancee Kim Sears in Dunblane Next Saturday . There are believed to be well over 100 people attending , but star spotters will find celebrities in short supply as the couple focus on celebrating with family and genuine friends . The One possible exception is comedian James Corden , although he is busy working in America .
Paula Dunican spent £ 25 on the Baby Blue Coat at her local branch in Canterbury , Kent . But when she took it home to try on , she noticed a dark stain ' seeping through ' from the lining . Inside , a four inch - long gecko was flattened , its scales imprinted onto the fabric . Asda apologised and offered her a refund and £ 40 voucher .
Ronnie Carroll was due to stand as an independent in Hampstead and Kilburn . He died following a battle with cancer , during which a friend handed in his election nomination papers as he was too ill to do so himself . He came fourth in the 1962 and 1963 Eurovision contests , with the songs ring - A - Ding Girl and say wonderful things respectively .
Britt McHenry , 28 , has been suspended for a week after video emerged of her vicious tirade at a Virginia towing yard . The sports reporter left her car in the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant overnight on Easter weekend . When she picked it up , infuriated , she resorted to insulting the employee's looks , intelligence , and social status . But despite viewers ' calls for harsher punishment , the network has reinstated the 28 - year - old to her role .
Chloe Owens , 27 , from Swanley , Kent , came up with the idea for Bump 2 breast when she was pregnant with daughter Lola , now three months old . The mobile app contains a huge amount of information on everything from late stage pregnancy and birth to breastfeeding . App has already been downloaded 20,000 times and is getting rave reviews .
Michael Pulman , 33 , spent £ 7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self - esteem . Andrea Carter , 72 , from Leighton Buzzard , has her baggy jowls removed . Emma Tallon , 27 , paid £ 3,100 for liposuction on her thighs , which are too big .
General Motors has unveiled the Chevrolet - FNR Car . It has ' Dragonfly ' swing doors that open upwards and ' Crystal Laser Headlights ' the car is self - driving , electric and the front chairs can swivel round . and using Iris recognition software you can start it using only your eyes . The car was unveiled at the Shanghai General Motors Gala Night This Week . Chevrolet said the car offered a ‘ glimpse at mobility of the future ’ .
Lynne Abraham , 74 , collapsed on stage 10 minutes into Tuesday Night's hour - long debate between Democratic candidates . The former Philadelphia District Attorney Abraham allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure . She sat out the rest of the debate . Abraham appeared to be in good spirits and said she would not let the incident impact her campaign .
Drivers pulled over on Interstate 20 in Albilene , Texas , to pick up the cash . Video shows motorists frantically grabbing the notes in between stopped vehicles . Police have warned that if anyone is caught with cash that was inside the truck - they could land themselves behind bars . Weatherford Police Department said all of the lost money had been picked up .
Godfrey Elfwick was recruited via Twitter to appear on the programme . Programme was preparing an item about the trailer for the new film in the franchise . Mr Elfwick's Twitter bio states that he is a ' demisexual genderqueen Muslim atheist ' but he was still invited on to the programme despite never having seen the films . Claimed the films are full of social problems ' rooted in homophobia ' .
Kathy Ferreiro , 21 , has been dubbed the ' Cuban Kim Kardashian ' her Instagram and Twitter accounts are attracting new followers daily . The Miami - based Latina has a huge following in Colombia and other Latin American countries . She says that her pictures are ' 100 percent real ' without photoshopping .
Jihad - Watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week . Most of them claimed to be linked to the extremists currently terrorising Middle East . Twitter confirmed purge was prompted because they were being used by Tech - savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence . Spokesman said the cull was prompted in part by the ' large number of reports ' received by online activists and members of the public .
Residents on Greville Street say they had suspicious power cuts a week before heist . Also claim to have heard ' drilling ' noises on the evening of Good Friday . But thought at the time that this was simply a continuation of road works . It has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery to steal more loot after becoming ' greedy ' .
Shiraz Nawaz said he felt lucky to be alive after 15 - foot flames shot out of manhole . The 36 - year - old had been on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him . As he turned around he noticed the charred ground and watched on as thick black smoke began billowing from the manhole in Shirley , Solihull . Miraculously nobody was hurt in the incident after Shiraz evacuated the nearby takeaway , told them to turn off their gas supply , and called the Fire Service .
A 12 - year - old Israeli Girl is missing after a tour boat she was on exploded and caught fire off Thailand's southwestern coast . The youngster was thought to have been in the toilet on board the Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry which was carrying more than 100 people . Passengers were throwing themselves into the Andaman Sea after the engine exploded and flames ripped through the boat . Photos taken by rescuers , including the Krabi Marine Police , showed the abandoned vessel burning down almost to the waterline before sinking .
A member of the public snapped the man using the field as a makeshift toilet . Th Clements & Son , which owns the field in Benington , Lincolnshire , was alerted and sacked the worker with immediate effect . Tesco said its vegetables go through an ' extensive assessment and review process ' .
Muhammadu Buhari , a 72 - year - old former general , won Nigeria's presidential election . He ran on an anti - corruption platform , says Peter Bergen . The cancer of corruption has to be cut out , he says . Bergen : For Too Long , Nigeria's poor have been victims of its enormous wealth .
Former Soviet state has gained the most from the strong pound . Resorts on its Black Sea coast offer the best value in terms of a meal out , buying a cup of coffee and essentials such as Sun Cream and a cold drink . It is one of 13 European hotspots out of 14 where your cash will go far further this summer .
Gruesome photographs show man being led from a van in handcuffs . He is blindfolded and forced to kneel on the floor in Hama , Syria . An executioner , with his face covered , stands behind him with a meat cleaver . Next photo shows the man after he has been murdered with his severed head placed on his body .
Denise and Glen Higgs , from Braunton , Devon , had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after Glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment . But using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos through IVF fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter Mazy . The couple tried again using the same batch and Denise gave birth to twins Carter and Carson Last Week .
The Bright Yellow Gatso had previously enforced the 30 mph speed limit . But it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the West Midlands . Mystery surrounds who had re - pointed the camera , but a spokesman for Birmingham City Council said they were aware of it .
Charles Terreni Jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died , an autopsy has found . He was found at the Pi Kappa Alpha House in Columbia , not far from campus , around 10:30 am on March 18 . Neighbors said the House threw a party the night before , and noted the leftover keg Wednesday morning . This is the second incident at the fraternity in a week .
Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal has promised to give each pilot a free Bentley . He made the pledge on social media but the post has since been deleted . Saudi Arabian forces launched air strikes on Yemen a month ago . They were launched to stop advances from Shiite Houthi rebels . On Tuesday the Saudis said the bombing raids had been successful .
Surveillance footage captured at Spring Garden Station in Philadelphia on Tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims . They then pull them to the ground , punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads . The brawl , involving students from Benjamin Franklin High School , even spilled onto the tracks , with one person falling onto the line .
Paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so by running this weekend's marathon , the couple have raised £ 7,000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day . The pair , who live in Clapham , London , ran across the finish line together under a shower of confetti .
Nasr Bitar spotted the car on the streets of Mississauga , Canada . He followed it in his own vehicle , and got in position just in time . The college student then uploaded the picture to Instagram . It has now been viewed almost 2.9 million times since it was posted .
Rory McIlroy is looking to complete a career Grand Slam this week . Only five men have won all four of golf's majors in the Masters era . A win at Augusta National would also be the third major he has won in a row . The 25 - year - old shot one under par in the traditional par - 3 contest on Wednesday .
Roy Keane delivered a ' bizarre ' team talk to his Sunderland players . The former Aston Villa Boss told them to ' just enjoy being S * * * ' Danny Higginbotham scored in Sunderland's 1 - 1 draw with Villa that day . Keane is now part of Martin O'Neill's backroom staff at Aston Villa .
The four - poster oak wood bed was dumped in car park of Redland House Hotel in Chester and later sold at auction for £ 2,200 . TV historian Jonathan Foyle has spent years trying to prove the artefact's historical roots and has now revealed that DNA testing on the bed's timber proved it once belonged to King Henry VII . He has traced it back to 1495 , when Henry VII went to Lathom in Lancashire to see the Stanley family , who had helped him to victory in the Battle of Bosworth in 1485 . The bed also features carvings of biblical scenes of Henry and his wife Elizabeth of York styled as Adam and Eve .
A reserve deputy in Tulsa , Oklahoma , accidentally shot and killed a man . Robert Bates said he meant to use his Taser but ended up firing his handgun instead . Experts say the gun should be holstered on the officer's dominant side of the body . Bates ' attorney said his client is left - handed .
The 21 - year - old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where Drake was performing at the event in Indio , California . A video obtained by TMZ appears to shows Bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area . Sources close to Bieber told TMZ that he voluntarily left and was considering taking legal action against the security guards . Bieber missed Drake's set , which featured a surprise performance from Madonna .
Former Everton chairman Sir Philip Carter has died aged 87 . Carter also served as President of the Football League . Current Toffees Chairman Bill Kenwright also paid tribute to Sir Philip , who he recalled to the Board of directors at Goodison Park for a second time in 2008 . Roberto Martinez said : ' This is a sad day for Everton Football Club and for every Evertonian ' .
Border Collies ace and Holly were caught on camera performing a balancing act . Using a human as their base , the Pooches stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up . The brief clip shows a man , identified as their owner and trainer Dai Aoki , lying on the ground with Ace on his lap .
Dayna Dobias , 19 , from Downers Grove , Illinois , was born with cerebral palsy . The teenager has created several dancing videos to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities . ' . I might do things a little bit differently than most people , but that doesn't mean that I should be treated differently , ' she says .
Police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick - off for Sunday's Manchester Derby at Old Trafford . Chief Superintendent John O'hare says the decision is down to good behaviour from supporters of each side . Merseyside Police launched a legal challenge after the Everton v Liverpool match , which was also televised , was chosen for a 5.30 pm start .
Mustafa Kamal resigned as ICC President on Wednesday . Kamal accused India of influencing the outcome of the Cricket World Cup quarter - final against Bangladesh . The Bangladeshi criticised the umpires over a disputed no - ball against India batsman Rohit Sharma . The ICC asked him to either withdraw his statement or apologise .
Floyd Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2 . The bout is billed as ' The Fight of the Century ' and is worth at least $ 180million . Joe Calzaghe believes Mayweather will win the bout . The Welshman retired with an undefeated record of 46 wins and Zero defeats .
Winchester Council said its annual clean - up of roads had been hit by new health and Safety Executive Rules . But the HSE denied tightening rules and said councils were ‘ over - interpreting ’ legislation . Former Poet Laureate Sir Andrew Motion accused Town Hall bosses and the Highways Agency of ruining the countryside by failing to remove rubbish .
Simon Wood , 38 , from Oldham won Masterchef Last Friday . Everything the 38 - year - old knows about cooking is self - taught . He learned by reading recipe books or watching television shows . He sharpens his skills by practicing on his four children - Liam , Alex , Cameron and Charlotte .
Swansea's Gerhard Tremmel , 36 , is understudy to Lukasz Fabianski . Kolo Toure , Glen Johnson and Ron Vlaar are all set to leave their clubs . Manchester City's James Milner is the most high - profile free agent . Everton are keen to sign England international Tom Cleverley .
Matt Pliska , who is also a survivor of leukemia , asked Mikenzy Snell to be his prom date last year . The juniors from Waupaca , Michigan , made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read : ' Real Friends Don't count chromosomes ' .
Michael Scott Shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother . The body was discovered at the West Colonial Drive home when an out - of - state family member called in a well - being check . He is already on parole for battery on law enforcement , has a history of bipolar mental illness , and was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for an attempted suicide . His wife filed a domestic violence injunction against him two years ago , according to her attorney .
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6 - 1 at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday night . Thomas Muller scored his 27th Champions League goal . The 25 - year - old became the highest - scoring German since the tournament took its current shape in 1992 . Bayern players remained on the pitch for some time as they celebrated with supporters .
Domenico Rancadore , 65 , fled to Britain in the 1990s and was convicted in his absence in Italy for his role as a ' Man of Honour ' he was given a seven - year sentence by an Italian court in 1999 for being a member of the Cosa Nostra . In February he lost his year - and - A - half battle against extradition and was told he must return to Italy to serve his sentence . But today it emerged that the 65 - year - old's case expired last October and his European Arrest Warrant is to be withdrawn .
Baron the German Shepard was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California . Footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink , before loading them into The Dishwasher . To date the clip of Baron Dishwashing has been watched more than 27,000 times .
The sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in Raqqa . It warns Isis Jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear . Leaflet threatens both the buyer and seller of Nike products with punishments . This is despite the fact one of the group's most famous commanders , Abu Waheeb , is well known for wearing Western sportswear , including items made by Nike and Adidas .
The Oscar nominated actress , 60 , revealed she turned down the starring role alongside James Gandolfini in the landmark HBO drama because she had already played a mobster's wife in Goodfellas . Accusing Chase of lazy casting , Bracco chose instead the complicated role of Dr. Melfi , who provided the therapy that allowed New Jersey mob boss Tony Soprano to justify many of his monstrous acts .
Kevin Carr set off from Haytor on Dartmoor in July 2013 . Every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day . The 35 - year - old from Woolacombe in Devon is due to complete his 16,300 - mile epic journey on Thursday . If he is successful , Mr Carr will beat the current record held by Australian ultramarathon runner Tom Denniss , by 24 Hours .
David Axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for Barack Obama . He was hired by the Labour leader Amid great fanfare last year . Has helped refine Mr Miliband ’s message about tackling the cost of living and making sure the wealthy pay their fair share . Mr Axelrod makes infrequent visits to the UK to meet Mr Miliband and offers advice by phone .
HBO Now is available in the US for $ 14.99 ( £ 9.90 ) a month . It includes all past , present and future HBO programming . This includes Game of Thrones , the Sopranos , Veep , Silicon Valley and sex in the city . Users can also access the HBO Now website to stream content on the web using a Mac - similar to Netflix . It will be exclusively available through Apple for three months before moving on to other platforms .
Huma Abedin and husband Anthony Weiner enjoyed a Mexican lunch at Tortaria off Union Square in New York on Saturday . It is just a few days after Abedin and Hillary Clinton were spotted in an Iowa branch of fast food favorite Chipotle . The pair ordered a Burrito Bowl and a salad but failed to pay a tip .
Just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the UK in 2013 were given the name . That compares to 235 Garys being born in 1996 , when name was 147th most popular . In 2013 , it didn't even make the top 1,000 . Some blame shamed pop star Gary Glitter for Name's declining popularity . Others suggest Gary Lineker or Take That singer Barlow might have put some off .
Stevie McCrorie has been crowned the winner of The Voice UK 2015 . He beat fellow contestant Lucy O'Byrne in the final . Now he has to break the curse of previous winners who flop out of the charts . Series One winner Leanne Mitchell failed to rank any higher than number 45 . Her debut single , a cover of Whitney Houston's I would run to you only just managed to scrape into the top 50 after being released . Andrea Begley's album , the message , released in October 2013 did make it to number seven in the album charts , but compare that to the success of most X Factor winners .
Alexandra Harra , 28 , has been dubbed ' the Romanian Kim Kardashian ' She has a BA degree in Creative Writing and classics . Now lives in Miami and works as a life coach and author . Recently dyed her hair black to look more like the reality star . Her derriere measures 43 inches , while Kardashian's is just 40 inches .
Dundee United Striker Nadir CIFTCI celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper Scott Bain . The 23 - year - old celebrated by trying to Rile Dundee No 1 Bain , but his actions came back to haunt him as the Dark Blues earned all three points thanks to further goals from Jake McPake and Paul Heffernan . Dundee's first win in a derby for more than 10 years .
Mercedes - Benz Fashion Week Australia came to a close on Thursday night in Sydney . Femail take a look back at the trends emerging from the shows , the beautiful designs we can't wait to hang in our wardrobes and the trends we won't be trying any time soon .
Lindsay Sandiford , 58 , from Cheltenham , fears she will be next to face firing squad . She was sentenced to death after Indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine . Australians Andrew Chan , 31 , and Myuran Sukumaran , 33 , were executed along with six other prisoners by an Indonesian firing squad on Bali's ' Death Island ' she said : ' The men shot dead were reformed men – Good Men who transformed the lives of people around them ' .
Abby Bishop took in her two - day - old niece Zala in August 2013 . Now Zala is 20 months old and follows Bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams . The Basketballer , who lives in Canberra , has looked after her niece since she was two days old . Zala will go with bishop to the U.S. this may when she starts playing for the Seattle Storm in the WNBA .
The inaugural Tour de Yorkshire will run over three stages starting in Bridlington on May 1 . Matt Prior's One Pro Cycling Team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the elite event . The former England wicketkeeper is a long - time cycling fan who was mocked by Kevin Pietersen last summer for taking his bike with him on a tour of New Zealand .
Two ambulances sent to Epping Forest after ' Someone ' was run down . But the ' victim ' turned out to be a squirrel that had been run over by a car . East of England Ambulance Service released list of 1,248 ' inappropriate ' calls . Front - line crews attended half of the Phoney calls , believing them to be genuine emergencies .
Ben Flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on Thursday night . The Wales forward made his first appearance since he punched St Helens ' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season's Grand Final . The 27 - year - old came on as a substitute in the 23rd minute of Thursday's match .
The newly - opened Maison Souquet is located just steps from the famed Moulin Rouge Theatre . The 20 - room hotel describes itself as a ' temple to hedonism , ' having taken inspiration from the pleasure houses of yesteryear . All of the dark , mysterious interiors were designed by Jacques Garcia and feature plenty of plush velvet and opulent gold accents . The Celestial Spa boasts a swimming pool beneath a shimmering ceiling of ' stars ' .
Steven Finn was overlooked for the West Indies Tour . Finn says he's been watching footage of when he was on the top of his form and is returning to that style . The 26 - year - old Finn has played only one championship game for Middlesex this season , but insisted he felt ready to add to his 23 test caps .
Paul Armstrong , 26 , flew to Cyprus with four friends to start new job . But he was stopped at Airport with stun gun , baton and Knuckle Duster . Newcastle Crown Court heard stun gun could cause victim to ' startle and repel ' Armstrong pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons . He was sentenced to eight months imprisonment , suspended for two years , with £ 2,000 costs .
Alex Perry won't be presenting at this year's Mercedes - Benz Fashion Week Australia . The designer revealed in February that he would not be presenting a collection at the Sydney event this week . This is only the second fashion week the design powerhouse has missed in two decades . Perry is now devoting his time to international enterprises , with a specific focus on the Asian and Middle Eastern Market . He is also a judge on Australia's Next Top Model .
More than a dozen people were injured on Thursday night after a stage collapsed during an Indiana Public High School theater performance . One of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half - way through a song during a sold - out showing of American Pie at Westfield High School . The calamity occurred at the worst possible time - just as dozens walked on stage for the finale . ' . All of a sudden , everyone was gone , ' one parent from the audience told RTV . Nicola Gruszka , a student who was singing in front of the stage when the platform behind her gave way , said they had previously practiced the song with the same number of people with no issue .
Brendan Rodgers has written off Manchester City's chances of signing Raheem Sterling this summer . City have been heavily linked with a £ 50million move for Sterling , who has two years left on his contract and is stalling on a new deal . The champions have also monitored vice - Captain Jordan Henderson . Rodgers indicated it could take two decades for city to reach the status of either Liverpool or Manchester United .
Charity Bite - back believes as many as one in five Chinese restaurants are selling the soup after exploiting a loophole . The loophole allows people to bring 20 kg of shark fin into the country if it is for personal consumption . Charity workers say that restaurants are either disguising the soup on their menus as ' fish fin soup ' or are offering it to Mandarin speaking customers .
Olly Taylor , 27 , is offering his version of the Easter Feast at his cafe . The meal is stuffed with the equivalent of almost 100 teaspoons of sugar . It includes two types of cereal served in half an easter egg , with brownies , marshmallows and mini eggs , topped off with three different types of flavoured milk .
Brussels will say that Google has used its dominance to divert Internet users from rivals to its own services , which include YouTube and the Google + Social Network . The ruling is the result of a five - year investigation into the American search giant . Margrethe Vestager , the EU's Competition Commissioner , Will Today serve the company with a formal charge sheet .
Phil Smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in Cottingham , Hull . But he fell and hit his head , fracturing his skull and suffering a bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall . He was placed in a medically induced coma at Hull Royal Infirmary , but died five days later on April 9 . His mother Lisa Darnbrough , 49 , said : ' Phil was such a Lovely Lad ' .
Tottenham will subsidise Emmanuel Adebayor's £ 100,000 - per - week wages . The Togolese striker is out of favour at White Hart Lane . The 31 - year - old has made just nine league starts this season . Click here for Tottenham Transfer News .
John Helm was commentating on Bradford City ’s game against Lincoln City when the fire broke out and still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day . The tragic fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade Stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on May 11 , 1985 . Here he gives his insight into what caused the blaze .
Rory McIlroy battled with Fifty Shades of grey star Jamie Dornan to promote new football concept circular soccer . The World No 1 golfer defeated the film star 2 - 1 to take the Crown , with the deciding goal coming from an impressive long - range finish . FIFA have integrated it into their global grassroots youth programmes for 2015 - 2018 while Manchester United have also tested it at their Elite Academy .
Chris Christie appeared on The Tonight Show Wednesday evening , and wasted no time calling out Jimmy Fallon for the weight jokes made about him on the program . After Fallon told Christie He ' looked great , ' The New Jersey politician asked him ; ' If I Look Great , what the Hell's with all the jokes every night ? ' . Then , to make amends , Fallon gave Christie his favorite food - ice cream . Fallon however pulled out two spoons thinking the men could share the ice cream , at which point Christie took the treat for himself , slowly moving away .
Heathrow Airport are threatening to strip Qantas of their eight valuable landing spots after they continually arrived late . The Australian airline could also be facing a massive £ 20,000 fine , that's more than AU$ 38,000 , for every time the A380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the English tarmac . The airline have slipped to an on time ranking of 75 out of 80 airlines that use Heathrow Airport .
Christopher Starrs , 50 , admitted defrauding BT of £ 28,000 over two years . He and colleague Phillip Tamplin invented clamped cars , overtime hours and damage to home owners ’ property during broadband installation . Recorder Stuart Trimmer QC spared Starrs Jail as an ' act of Mercy ' - although he ordered him to repay the money he took and pay a £ 1,500 fine . But Senior Judge Nicholas Cooke QC has now said the sentence was ' unlawful ' and added starrs should have been sent to prison .
Real Madrid travel to Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday night . Cristiano Ronaldo scored five in Real's 9 - 1 win against Granada at the weekend . The 30 - year - old has now scored 36 goals in the league so far this season . Lionel Messi is in contention to win the Pichichi Trophy at the end of the season .
Kevin Pietersen scored 170 for Surrey against MCCU Oxford . Former England star Andrew Flintoff Fears Pietersen is ' running out of Time ' to resurrect his England career . Pietersen has not featured for England since he was sacked 14 months ago . Flintoff is optimistic about England's fortunes , despite their winter woes , with or without Pietersen .
Carl Froch has not fought since beating George Groves at Wembley last May . Froch had hoped to meet Julio Cesar Chavez Jr , but he lost to Andrzej Fonfara last week . There is the possibility of Paul Smith - Andre Ward , Anthony Dirrell versus Badou Jack for the WBC world title and Andre Dirrell ’s IBF World title fight against James Degale , which is the biggest bout of this trio .
Clip was filmed on Saturday in Shortandy Village , 40 miles north of Astana . It captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before vanishing without trace . Video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to YouTube . Experts believe the cloud was roughly 100 metres in diameter and floated a mile in the air .
In all 1,177 barrio 18 members were transferred from Izalco Jail to San Francisco Gotera . They will mix with their rivals from the hyper - violent Mara Salvatrucha gang , or MS - 13 . The policy of mixing the gangs together came about when officials realised that gangs were directing criminal activity from within prison walls . Gang members have been blamed for killing 20 police officers , two soldiers , six prison guards and a prosecutor .
